we are in alala Street in she rwan area
where the Israeli occupation forces
caused significant destruction and fires
in people's houses one Statue of a
rocket has been destroyed cars and
commercial vehicles have been set on
fire Israeli forces are stationed in Al
Jala Street near the alham famy and
continue to deny people access it's now
considered a close military
zone people are now gathering in Abu
isander area waiting to be allowed to go
back to their homes in alwan Street West
of Al Jala you can see here the trucks
left by tanks in front of this
Bakery the tank entered Al Jala Street
and reached a rocket statue and began
firing artillery at the residential
blocks the situation was very tough
because of the tanks that were at the
End of the
Street while we were besieged in the
house for 4 days there was intense
artillery fire that led to the death of
a
child the tanks were firing all the time
I went to get some water if we had water
we wouldn't even leave the house the
tanks withdrew from this and some of the
surrounding areas of shik radwan people
are able to leave their homes and are
now on their way to getting some water
there actually salt water that is coming
out of a well and there's no
desalination it is now being used as
drinking
water I'm feeding my children some fa
beans there's nothing else left where
should we go what can we do we want our
life
back we are suffering from water and
food shortages there is no sanitation
and no shelter we are
displaced we will not leave this land we
will remain here despite the occupation
and its allies and all the countries
supporting the occupation we will remain
in Palestine even if this means we are
going to
die make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer